Patch version bump (#458)
Shopify/kubernetes-deploy: CHANGELOG.md

## next

## 0.26.1

*Bug fixes*

> - Fixes a bug involving the `--template-dir` argument. If the `ENVIRONMENT` environment variable is set, kubernetes-deploy would set the template directory to `config/deploy/$ENVIRONMENT`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes a bug where `config/deploy/$ENVIRONMENT` would be used unconditionally if the `ENVIRONMENT` environment variable is set, ignoring any `--template-dir` argument passed.
```
